You have just arrived at Waterloo.
You are part of the select few who have been selected to join the new engineering program.
With /r/uwaterloo's rising popularity, there has been an increased need to innovate more creamy memes.
Meme Engineering is only in its first year of infancy and you have been one of ten people selected to participate in this new program.
You are too poor to afford MKV air conditioning so you head towards the UWP dorms.
You see goose shit everywhere, dragging your luggage through the gravel road, trying to avoid much of the shit on the ground as possible.
Along the way, you are stopped by a goose with eyebrows.
The goose raises its eyebrow.
Honk
You realize that this is the goose who has shat all over the road.
You decide if you want to fight this goose and claim vengeance for your luggage.
You decide to fight the goose.
You did not win against the goose.
You die knowing that these large water fowl are too dangerous to fight.
Sigh...
Fine, I'll give you a freebie this time.
You are wise in avoiding the goose.
You head to your dorm and rest the night.
You are well rested.
You begin heading towards your first lecture.
You walk into RCH and you realize that the lecture rooms are nothing like the ones you saw in the promotional video
You are exhausted by the end of your first day but feeling confident in your courses because you had a 99 average from high school.
One particular day after you leave your Linear Algebra tutorial, you feel thirsty and the desire to use the washroom.
Upon arriving at the washroom, you find a half-empty water bottle on the seat of the toilet.
You move the water bottle and use the toilet.
You are rather thirsty after taking a dump.
???
Why?
Someone used that water bottle as a bidet you know.
Didn't anyone teach you to not drink a half-empty water bottle that you found in a bathroom stall?
Go use it as a bidet instead.
I know we have a shortage of female students..
but damn you thirsty.
Narrator just broke the forth wall.
You use the half empty water bottle as a bidet.
Your anus has never felt so refreshed.
Your anus is no longer hurting from all the ass-rape you have suffered since coming here.
You head home to apply to co-op
Cali or bust you say
You apply to only the dankest Cali jobs at the pig 4, who wouldn't want you, you have that dank high school mark.
~Time skip to before midterms~
...
You have still not been interviewed yet.
You put your resume on /r/uwaterloo but everyone just says its shit.
Feels bad man.
You are famished after staying up two nights to study for your midterms. You have been eating nothing but Soylent for the past week.
You require real food.
You head to the plaza in search of food.
You forgot that Phathat is actually a money laundering service.
There is no food here and you starve.
You head to Paninos instead.
You eat the food before you with haste.
You are filled up and leave.
You ponder about life as you walk back towards your dorm.
'Why no gf?'
You hear a honk and turn around.
Even the goose from before has a gf.
At least you aren't in 4B ECE.
...
Midterms are over
You are failing three of your classes.
Your 99 in high school did not help.
You still have no co-op.
You have busted
(¬‿¬)
The pressure is on.
You receive an email one day asking you to meet a councillor about your grades.
You see Feridun himself in the flesh.
You must be dreaming.
Do not worry young one, if you fall, simply innovate harder.
Finals are worth more than midterms.
There is always continuous round.
Work hard and make me proud.
Feridun is love, Feridun is life.
You go to resume critiques and go to extra help sessions.
You apply to every damn co-op you can.
Your meme game intensifies.
It is exam season
You head to Toronto to catch up with your high-school friends because you sure haven't made any friends here
You can feel the normie atmosphere coming from everyone walking the campus
A UofT student walks up to you.
UofT has better memes than Waterloo
(╯°□°)╯ ┻━┻
You become triggered
Don't be a pussy, we will never lose to these normal fags when it comes to a meme war
You have been conscripted into the meme war
You have cast away all reason and have started making memes in the middle of exam season.
The war is fierce.
UofT lead by /u/fattittyfucker creates one Spongebob meme after another
You see the food truck meme rising in popularity.
When all is looking bleak, one man appears to end it all.
Suddenly /u/SseCn8jx appears.
'Fuck it, if this post receives 2000 upvotes I will tattoo a goose on my ass.'
NANI?BAKANA? How do you guys shitpost so hard in the middle of exam season?
Fools.
You think you can stop the disruptive power of /r/uwaterloo?
The last time something dropped this hot it ended WWII.
You return to school knowing that you participated in such a historic event.
You study for exams.
Who are you kidding, you brows reddit all day.
You apply lube to your anus in expectation of the ass-rape to come.
( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
You managed to pass your exams and boost your average up.
You found a dank co-op
You have a GF now
Life is great
...
You really thought that could happen at Waterloo?
(☞*∀*)☞
You barely make it past first year
You have a co-op painting fences.
Still single as ever
You have however discovered something within you.
You have cast away your earthly desires of wanting human companionship and the need for sleep
Your level of autism and degeneracy greatly increases
You have evolved into a memelord!
You head-off into the work term with renewed vigor
You can't wait to graduate and escape from this shit-hole
Wait what's this?
Congrats
You actually managed to fuck up so hard that you unlocked this easter egg
You had a 1/16 chance to get this easter egg based on your choices.
That's it
Just some internet points
Why do you do this to yourself?
Broad is love Broad is life
I'm the narrator and I like to chase geese around.
I wouldn't recommend it though, sometimes they chase back.
Thanks for playing the game
I didn't know wtf I was doing half the time, but hey it worked out
Special thanks to Laggy for letting me use his amazing videos, my game would have been complete shit without them.
All content belong to their respectful owners. Sources can be found in the About tab in the main menu.
